the wicked flee when no one pursues but
the wicked flee when no one pursues but the righteous are bold as a lion because
the righteous are bold as a lion because
the righteous are bold as a lion because of the transgression of Al and many are
of the transgression of Al and many are
of the transgression of Al and many are its princes but by a man of
its princes but by a man of
its princes but by a man of understanding and knowledge right will
understanding and knowledge right will
understanding and knowledge right will be prolonged a poor man who oppresses
be prolonged a poor man who oppresses
be prolonged a poor man who oppresses the poor is like a driving rain which
the poor is like a driving rain which
the poor is like a driving rain which leaves no food those who forsake the law
leaves no food those who forsake the law
leaves no food those who forsake the law praise the wicked but such as keep the
praise the wicked but such as keep the
praise the wicked but such as keep the law contend with them evil men do not
law contend with them evil men do not
law contend with them evil men do not understand justice but those who seek
understand justice but those who seek
understand justice but those who seek the Lord understand all better is the
the Lord understand all better is the
the Lord understand all better is the poor who walks in his integrity the one
poor who walks in his integrity the one
poor who walks in his integrity the one perverse in his ways though he be rich
perverse in his ways though he be rich
perverse in his ways though he be rich whoever keeps the law is a discerning
whoever keeps the law is a discerning
whoever keeps the law is a discerning son but a companion of gluttons shames
son but a companion of gluttons shames
son but a companion of gluttons shames his father one who increases his
his father one who increases his
his father one who increases his possessions by usury and extortion
possessions by usury and extortion
possessions by usury and extortion gathers it for him who will pity the
gathers it for him who will pity the
gathers it for him who will pity the poor one who turns away his ear from
poor one who turns away his ear from
poor one who turns away his ear from hearing the law even his prayer is an
hearing the law even his prayer is an
hearing the law even his prayer is an abomination whoever causes the upright
abomination whoever causes the upright
abomination whoever causes the upright to go stray in an evil way he himself
to go stray in an evil way he himself
to go stray in an evil way he himself will fall into his own pit but the
will fall into his own pit but the
will fall into his own pit but the blameless will inherit good the rich man
blameless will inherit good the rich man
blameless will inherit good the rich man is wise in his own eyes but the poor who
is wise in his own eyes but the poor who
is wise in his own eyes but the poor who has understanding searches him out when
has understanding searches him out when
has understanding searches him out when the righteous rejoice
the righteous rejoice
the righteous rejoice there is great glory but when the wicked
there is great glory but when the wicked
there is great glory but when the wicked arise men hide themselves he who covers
arise men hide themselves he who covers
arise men hide themselves he who covers his sins will not prosper but whoever
his sins will not prosper but whoever
his sins will not prosper but whoever confesses and forsakes them will have
confesses and forsakes them will have
confesses and forsakes them will have mercy happy is the man who is always
mercy happy is the man who is always
mercy happy is the man who is always reverent but he who hardens his heart
reverent but he who hardens his heart
reverent but he who hardens his heart will fall into calamity
will fall into calamity
will fall into calamity like a roaring lion and a charging bear
like a roaring lion and a charging bear
like a roaring lion and a charging bear is a wicked ruler over poor people a
is a wicked ruler over poor people a
is a wicked ruler over poor people a ruler who lacks understanding is a great
ruler who lacks understanding is a great
ruler who lacks understanding is a great oppressor but he who hates covetousness
oppressor but he who hates covetousness
oppressor but he who hates covetousness will prolong his days a man burdened
will prolong his days a man burdened
will prolong his days a man burdened with bloodshed will flee into a pit
with bloodshed will flee into a pit
with bloodshed will flee into a pit let no one help him whoever walks
let no one help him whoever walks
let no one help him whoever walks blamelessly will be saved but he who is
blamelessly will be saved but he who is
blamelessly will be saved but he who is perverse in his ways will suddenly he
perverse in his ways will suddenly he
perverse in his ways will suddenly he who till his land will have plenty of
who till his land will have plenty of
who till his land will have plenty of bread but he who follows frivolity will
bread but he who follows frivolity will
bread but he who follows frivolity will have poverty enough a faithful man will
have poverty enough a faithful man will
have poverty enough a faithful man will abound with blessings but he who hastens
abound with blessings but he who hastens
abound with blessings but he who hastens to be rich will not go unpunished to
to be rich will not go unpunished to
to be rich will not go unpunished to show partiality is not good because for
show partiality is not good because for
show partiality is not good because for a piece of bread a man will transgress a
a piece of bread a man will transgress a
a piece of bread a man will transgress a man with an evil eye hastens after
man with an evil eye hastens after
man with an evil eye hastens after riches and does not consider that
riches and does not consider that
riches and does not consider that poverty will come upon him
poverty will come upon him
poverty will come upon him hee-hoo rebukes a man will find more
hee-hoo rebukes a man will find more
hee-hoo rebukes a man will find more favor afterward then he who flatters
favor afterward then he who flatters
favor afterward then he who flatters with the tongue whoever rubs his father
with the tongue whoever rubs his father
with the tongue whoever rubs his father or his mother and says it is no
or his mother and says it is no
or his mother and says it is no transgression the same is companion to a
transgression the same is companion to a
transgression the same is companion to a destroyer he who is of a proud heart
destroyer he who is of a proud heart
destroyer he who is of a proud heart stirs up strife but he who trusts in the
stirs up strife but he who trusts in the
stirs up strife but he who trusts in the Lord will be prospered he who trusts in
Lord will be prospered he who trusts in
Lord will be prospered he who trusts in his own heart is a fool but whoever
his own heart is a fool but whoever
his own heart is a fool but whoever walks wisely will be delivered he who
walks wisely will be delivered he who
walks wisely will be delivered he who gives to the poor will not lack but he
gives to the poor will not lack but he
gives to the poor will not lack but he who hides his eyes will have many curses
who hides his eyes will have many curses
who hides his eyes will have many curses when the wicked arise men hide
when the wicked arise men hide
when the wicked arise men hide themselves but when they perish the
themselves but when they perish the
themselves but when they perish the righteous increase